you
it's exciting it's exciting is
challenging and I think that something
else means new challenges this is
definitely a big challenge I think
everybody looks at us as ok now we have
the super team now you have to do what
and he hadn't I'd be able to do put it
for three years so basically I know that
the pressure is on us and that everybody
expect that we win the Tour de France
we've done at nine times so I I think we
have we have the quality to do it again
but for me it's also about dealing with
that pressure and that's actually what
I'm enjoy what I'm enjoying I'm
discovering that I'm enjoying a huge
pressure and although i know there's no
no guarantee some i'm getting a lot of
excitement out of these big challenges
you